TL improvement (#484)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_027.txt

			NULL, "\"...The new century is still a long ways out.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 3, "ps3/s14/03/220300302", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "その前に人間やめちゃうほうに、私は一生分の時間を賭けてもいいね」",

> 			NULL, " I'll bet you my entire life that you're done with mankind by the time that comes around.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " By the time that comes around, I'll be on a new stage of my life.\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"Huh? Huuuh?!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 2, "ps3/s14/02/220200148", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　それって、人間のままだったら…",

> 			NULL, " That means, if he remains a human...", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " A new stage of your life...?", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 2, "ps3/s14/02/220200149", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "結婚、ってこと？！」",

> 			NULL, " you'll marry him, right?!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Are you talking about marriage?!\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"Wha?!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 3, "ps3/s14/03/220300304", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　ななななな、なぁぁんで、そうなるかこの耳年増はぁぁあぁっっ？！」",
			NULL, " H-h-h-h-hooow could it be, you Miss know-it-alllll?!\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

	FadeAllBustshots( 200, TRUE );

//r魅音は顔面真っ赤になって、レナを追い回す。それをきゃいきゃいと逃げ回りながら、レナは妄想全開モードではやし立てる。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "魅音は顔面真っ赤になって、レナを追い回す。それをきゃいきゃいと逃げ回りながら、レナは妄想全開モードではやし立てる。",
			NULL, "Mion turned red and chased after Rena. Rena had gone full power into daydream mode as she cheerfully ran circles away from her.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r…最近レナは詩音と遊ぶことが増えたせいで、覚える必要のない、むしろさっさと忘れろ！　ってな知識をつけて、暴走度が格段にグレードアップしていた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine(NULL, "", NULL, "<size=-2>", Line_Continue); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…最近レナは詩音と遊ぶことが増えたせいで、覚える必要のない、むしろさっさと忘れろ！　ってな知識をつけて、暴走度が格段にグレードアップしていた。",

> 			NULL, "...Rena has been hanging out with Shion more often lately, and she has no need to learn the things she's teaching. In fact, she would be better off forgetting! But with that knowledge, her ability to fantasize too much had been significantly upgraded.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...Rena has been hanging out with Shion more often lately, and she has no need to learn the things she's teaching. In fact, she would be better off forgetting! But with that knowledge, her ability to get carried away in her fantasies had been significantly upgraded.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#fcdb77>沙都子</color>", NULL, "<color=#fcdb77>Satoko</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 4, "ps3/s14/04/220400264", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「私だって呼びたくありませんでしたが、",
			NULL, "\"I didn't really want to invite her, but...", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 4, "ps3/s14/04/220400265", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "…梨花のおしゃべりが、べらっと」",

> 			NULL, " bigmouth Rika told her about today.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " bigmouth Rika told her about it.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rそして俺たちは、めいめい持ち合った弁当を広げて、わいわいと楽しく箸をつついては舌鼓を打ち合う。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そして俺たちは、めいめい持ち合った弁当を広げて、わいわいと楽しく箸をつついては舌鼓を打ち合う。",
			NULL, "Then, we spread our lunches out in front of us, and happily shared them and feasted with our chopsticks.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rやはり一番人気はレナスペシャルマーク　（本人命名）で、前々から目をつけていたのか下級生たちはそれに殺到し、その可愛らしさにレナ必殺の『お持ち帰りぃ～♪』が天下御免にまかり通っていた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine(NULL, "", NULL, "<size=-3>", Line_Continue); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "やはり一番人気はレナスペシャルマーク　（本人命名）で、前々から目をつけていたのか下級生たちはそれに殺到し、その可愛らしさにレナ必殺の『お持ち帰りぃ～♪』が天下御免にまかり通っていた。",

> 			NULL, "Of course, the most popular meal was the (so called) Rena Trademark Special and the younger kids must have been eyeing it up, because they all immediately jumped on it. The cuteness of the kids made Rena's deadly \"I wanna take it home with mee~♪\" and it was smothering the entire world.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Of course, the most popular meal was the (so called) Rena Trademark Special and the younger kids must have been eyeing it up, because they all immediately jumped on it. The cuteness of the kids invoked Rena's deadly \"I wanna take you home with mee~♪\" and it was smothering the entire world.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#5ec69a>魅音</color>", NULL, "<color=#5ec69a>Mion</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 3, "ps3/s14/03/220300318", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「まぁ、ちょっとは冗談だって」",

> 			NULL, "\"Come on, a bit of that is a joke.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Come on, that's partially a joke.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#5ec69a>詩音</color>", NULL, "<color=#5ec69a>Shion</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 6, "ps3/s14/06/220600310", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「かなり本気ってことでしょうがっ！！」",

> 			NULL, "\"Most are serious, y'know!!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"That means it's mostly serious!!\"", Line_Normal);
```

//r…それから、これはとても嬉しいことなんだけど。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_Continue); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…それから、これはとても嬉しいことなんだけど。",

> 			NULL, "...By the way, there is indeed a matter of joy.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...By the way, there is something to rejoice about.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#6972c1>梨花</color>", NULL, "<color=#6972c1>Rika</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 5, "ps3/s14/05/220500558", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "同じようにたくさんの人に、それを願いたい。",

> 			NULL, "And like you, I wish for so many other people's one, too.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "And like you, I wish for so many other people's joy, too.", Line_Normal);
```
